DOC-2270: Add improved documentation for TINY-10487 to the TinyMCE 7.0 release notes (#3138)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7.0-release-notes.adoc

In {productname} 7.0, dialog collection items with `data-mce-tooltip` attribute, such as those used in xref:emoticons.adoc[Emoticons] and xref:charmap.adoc[Charmap] plugins, now display relevant tooltips on both mouse hover and keyboard focus. This ensures all users, including those relying solely on keyboard navigation, can access helpful information about these items.

=== Shortcut included in tooltips for basic and toggle toolbar buttons
// #TINY-10487

> Previously, basic and toggle toolbar buttons lacked keyboard shortcut information in the native browser tooltip.This could leave users unware of available shortcuts, and therefore unable to use them.
> 
> To address this, {productname} 7.0, introduces custom tooltips for these buttons. These tooltips now clearly display the keyboard shortcut alongside the button's descriptive as follows:
> 
> * Default buttons: This includes commonly used functions like `bold`, `italic`, `underline`, `selectall`, `redo`, `undo`, heading levels (`h1-h6`), `help`, `link`, `save`, `searchreplace`, and `fullscreen`.
> * Custom buttons: Any custom toolbar button registered with a keyboard shortcut will also display the shortcut in its tooltip.
> 
> See the xref:custom-basic-toolbar-button.adoc[Basic toolbar button], xref:custom-toggle-toolbar-button.adoc[Toggle toolbar button] and xref:shortcuts.adoc[Keyboard Shortcuts] documentation for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, basic and toggle toolbar buttons lacked keyboard shortcut information in the native browser tooltip. This could leave users unaware of available shortcuts and, therefore unable to use them.

To address this, {productname} 7.0, introduces custom tooltips for these buttons. These tooltips now clearly display the keyboard shortcut alongside the button's description as follows:

* Default buttons: This includes commonly used functions like `bold`, `italic`, `underline`, `selectall`, `redo`, `undo`, heading levels (`h1-h6`), `help`, `link`, `save`, `searchreplace`, and `fullscreen`.
* Custom buttons: Any custom toolbar button registered with a keyboard shortcut will also display the shortcut in its tooltip.

See the xref:custom-basic-toolbar-button.adoc[Basic toolbar button], xref:custom-toggle-toolbar-button.adoc[Toggle toolbar button] and xref:shortcuts.adoc[Keyboard Shortcuts] documentation for more information.
```
